docs: add overview page for simple DNN and fix some typos (#1879)
microsoft/SynapseML: website/docs/features/simple_deep_learning/about.md

a lightweight wrapper around the popular PyTorch deep learning framework.

SynapseML's simple deep learning toolkit makes it easy to use modern deep learning methods in Apache Spark.
By providing a collection of Estimators, SynapseML enables users to perform distributed transfer learning on
spark clusters to solve custom machine learning tasks without requiring in-depth domain expertise.
Whether you are a data scientist, data engineer, or business analyst this project aims to make modern deep-learning methods easy to use for new domain-specific problems.

### SynapseML's Simple DNN
SynapseML goes beyond the limited support for deep networks in SparkML and provides out-of-the-box solutions for various common scenarios:
- Visual Classification: Users can apply transfer learning for image classification tasks, using pre-trained models and fine-tuning them to solve custom classification problems.
- Text Classification: SynapseML simplifies the process of implementing natural language processing tasks such as sentiment analysis, text classification, and language modeling by providing pre-built models and tools.

> - More to be added...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- And more coming soon
```

---
title: Simple Deep Learning with SynapseML
sidebar_label: About
---

### Why Simple Deep Learning
Creating a Spark-compatible deep learning system can be challenging for users who may not have a 
thorough understanding of deep learning and distributed systems. Additionally, writing custom deep learning 
scripts may be a cumbersome and time-consuming task.
SynapseML aims to simplify this process by building on top of the [Horovod](https://github.com/horovod/horovod) Estimator, a general-purpose 
distributed deep learning model that is compatible with SparkML, and [Pytorch-lightning](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning),
a lightweight wrapper around the popular PyTorch deep learning framework.

> SynapseML library offers a straightforward approach to leveraging deep learning in Spark-based distributed systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SynapseML's simple deep learning toolkit makes it easy to use modern deep learning methods in Apache Spark.
```
